Now, the problems mentioned here have given the programming language
C++ a really bad reputation until about 2011.
Especially, many beginners find it difficult to
navigate safely through this variety of rules
and best practices imposed upon them by the standard prior to C++11.
But since this version,
C++11, much has changed in the world of C++.
The introduction of innovative concepts such as move semantics and
smart pointers have made the language more modern and less error-prone.
Many of the above-mentioned problems occur only rarely
with modern C++ if it is used correctly.
In the following two lessons,
we will therefore deal in detail with move semantics and
smart pointers and their correct usage. See you soon there.